I think there might be something wrong
with me no it's really be war hey
everyone Ryan here and I'm joined by
Greg and we are talking about American
Horror Story cult episode 2 today now
before we dive into the episode hit that
subscribe button down below so you don't
miss any of the breakdowns and other
awesome videos on Rick and Morty Twin
Peaks preacher and much more all right
so are you guys ready to talk about some
clowns Greg are you ready no let's get
into it
[Music]
okay let's quickly recap episode 2 don't
be afraid of the dark
so Ally continues to see clowns and so
does Aussie guys running for City
Council which is why I'm here at City
Hall picking up my paperwork so I can
officially run for the seat on the City
Council that was made bacon by the
tragic murder of Councilman Chang winter
is still a horrible babysitter and she
also gives Ally a bubble bath ally and
Ivy meet the new neighbors and they're
really weird making a call Kidman fans
huh oh the biggest work home vice
president of the Michigan chapter of her
fan club and then a pretty racist chef
is murdered at their restaurant and in
the end the power goes out and Ally
shoots an unsuspecting friend
all right first off guys it's pretty
clear that everyone is feeding into
Ali's fears the new neighbors winter hi
the news obviously and she's going nuts
she is targeted from basically everyone
around her and it is overwhelming her
life as well as Aussies yeah so Ozzy's
having nightmares - they're really
realistic
super terrifying just like his mom it
looks like winters really playing a role
in this - she's really feeding these
fears also great we've learned about
Ozzy's full name Ozymandias that's so
cool and poetry fans will recognize it
from the piece by Percy Bysshe Shelley
and other fans will notice it from the
name of the greatest possibly the
greatest episode of Breaking Bad ever
it's the greatest episode of Breaking
Bad ever agreed the smartest guy I ever
met they're too stupid to see he made up
his mind ten minutes ago
so what does this mean in the show's
context well the show covers Donald
Trump Charles Manson Andy Warhol amongst
other cult leaders and it's a reminder
that even the most powerful commanders
are mortal King of Kings decay over time
basically guys just hang tight it won't
last forever now how about those new
neighbors that moved in we're introduced
to Meadow and Harrison wilting
they're weird really weird they're into
bees nicole kidman Crystal Light and of
course Bravo drop by anytime if you want
to hang or watch Bravo or something I
watched all the Real Housewives David
Atlanta do you go to SoulCycle and
suspiciously they were the ones that
were recording Kai's beat down exactly
so they have to be a part of Kai's plan
right at this point I really feel like
they are two of the five clowns we saw
in the last episode it's just so damn
apparent right now yeah
also they really really really love
Nicole Kidman I can't stress that enough
they have the stoker and move on Rouge
posters in the background and of course
a big little eyes have you seen big
little lies she's trying to send it okay
one tiny side note Kidman's great and
all but the true hero of that show is
laura dern you're dead in this town this
is your puppet show let's talk about
ally and Ivy's restaurant it is led by
Chef Ron
and he's pretty racist get that Xolo
shoot out of my kitchen before I shove
this ladle up your ass
clearly Ali and Ivy are not thorough
when they interview new hires they also
hired winter as their babysitter but
Roger doesn't last long
Ali actually finds his body hanging in
the meat locker and Pedro the man that
he was yelling at in the kitchen is the
suspect from what detective Samuel says
so far we don't have any direct evidence
but we do have motive and we have access
I've known Pedro since we opened the
restaurant he didn't do this now it's
more than likely that Pedro is being set
up and the real killer is in the kitchen
maybe her or him or her now let's go
back to Chi this dude has balls
he literally shows up at Ali's doorstep
asking for support for city council two
things here Chi gets his news and facts
from Facebook like too many people in
2017 I'm looking at you mom and dad mine
too
and too Ali claims to be concerned with
building bridges amongst people from
different backgrounds but she's
ironically building up the defenses in
her own home to keep people out of it
and Chi uses this against her are you
gonna melt all this metal down and build
a bridge
I'm gonna need you to leave now all
right let's talk about winter in this
episode she's obviously a bad babysitter
she's manipulating Ozzy and then she
targets Ali and she literally draws a
warm bath for Ali and then kind of goes
a little too far is there a chance that
she's drugging Ali or is it all just a
mental manipulation or what well they
show the drugs again they may not clear
the filmmakers show you those drugs and
then the giant wine glasses yeah so
someone could be playing with her that
way if not that she just may not be
taking her drugs is that possibly there
dosing her with something else
unfortunately bath time is interrupted
by a power outage in the house and then
Harrison comes over and makes it even
worse for Ali was about he came over
there just put her inside he up to 15
after all that and told her like what
eight states are under a terrorist
attack at the moment I mean why go to
this extent to screw with her this much
this is insane yeah this is why we
definitely believe that the neighbors
are in on this plan this cult because
why else rile her up like this I mean
she is her anxieties are at a whole
nother level he also gave her the gun
earlier in the episode so all this fear
mixed in with a gun mixing with alcohol
innocent yeah and also notice that he
was looking Harrison was looking at
directly a winter a lot during that
singing - he was talking right at her so
Wow keep just close attention to that
details and then finally at the end of
the episode Ali shoots Pedro and it
looks like she killed him yeah I don't
know the fall is also really dramatic
did you notice that yes we noticed that
it was very right he was shot right here
like super dramatic they're probably
gonna kill him just to mix it and make
some Ali's life even worse but it didn't
look like a fatal shot for my when I
first saw it now it's time to talk about
phobias obviously it's a big theme this
season we're gonna try to catch every
single one that we see each week each
episode obviously Ali is suffering from
a ton but we're gonna be on the lookout
for any other characters that might have
some phobias let's start with clowns of
course you got Coral phobia the fear of
clowns trypophobia the fear of clusters
of small holes circles or bumps and this
week we got the honeycomb and then
we got one more phobia that the
therapist thinks she might be suffering
from that's agoraphobia
yeah agoraphobia is the fear of places
or situations that might cause you
helplessness it embarrassment or panic
can't believe you did that I'm worried
about you
you should be as promised each week
we're gonna count down how many clowns
show up in Skara main characters and
also scare Greg he loves this segment so
here we go one two three four five and
six
that makes six total clowns this week
good news that's less than last week and
you must be thrilled oh yeah I love it
now let's talk about our favorite lines
from episode two Greg what do you got Oh
mine's gotta be from Harrison we're
under attack
there my favorite part of this episode
so far they're a great break from the
clowns for me at least yeah and it's
only inevitable at this point that
they're gonna end up being some of the
clowns just to ruin my day
yeah the new neighbors are great but my
favorite line came from KY hello ma'am
miss I never know what's right
everything seems to offend nowadays I
mean this is pure Eric Cartman he is
just messing with ally just to mess with
her he may he may not have even voted
for Trump or agree with his policies but
he revels in the chaos and he goes to
her front door and just mocks her
repeatedly also let's not forget about
the line that the clown says to Ozzy
that was a great line yes
why are you real you're asleep
all right so that clown is real 100%
real but who could that clam be I mean
it could be a cop therapist who else he
got maybe Harrison if he's really really
fast or his father
okay now it's time for our most up
moments Ryan what you got I'm gonna say
everything literally everything that
happened to Pedro the poor guy works
with a racist boss in the kitchen just
minding his business going to work has
to deal with that stuff then he gets
framed for the guy's murder when he's
lifted up and into a meat locker and on
dies on a hook and then he goes to just
deliver some candles and some battery
chargers during a power outage to his
boss Ally and he gets shot poor Pedro
mine's got to be Ozzy's dream at the
opening I was okay with the clown's last
week this week Mayan xiety kicked up to
an 11 and I almost turned off the
episode for a second I could not take
that especially the silhouette of the
two going past the bathroom door that
gave me chills
I did not like that at all all right
Greg who is your winner for episode two
oh it's got to be Nicole Kidman and
winters wardrobe designer her outfits
were on fire in this episode I loved it
straight-up American Horror Story Kevin
look yes definitely a big shout out to
big little lies I think the winner is
Kai because nothing goes wrong for this
guy he literally has councilman Chang
killed he has Ali shook as hell he goes
to her front door and mocks her to her
face and he gets away with anything like
he's on a roll time to interrupt this
breakdown for a random fact that I
googled Lord give me your pinky
my I'm going to show you a trick it's
going to help you come on pinky - pinky
the pinky swear or a pinky promise is
for some weird reason extremely popular
amongst the characters of American
Horror Story cult but did you know it
has existed since at least 1860 in the
United States you can find that in a
dictionary of the Americanisms it might
have gone back even further to the
Japanese belief that soulmates were
connected by a red string of fate
attached to their pinkies also good to
know in Japan a pinky square meant that
if you broke the promise for any reason
you must cut off your pinky or in this
case instead of a pinky it may be a hand
I guess everybody's at home watching the
President's speech ok and finally we
have one last question for the episode
Ryan you started off yeah my question is
basically about this cult how do they
have so many resources to pull off this
stunt I mean the money needed the
logistics the people to scare one person
just yeah the security alley that's
insane it has to be about Ozzy I would
suspect ya and saying that it has to be
about Ozzy's biological father figuring
out who the dad is
if the dads and the picture trying to
get a hold of them again or someone in
the cult is trying to get a hold of him
I think that is key to figuring out but
still they can buy houses across the
street looking everyone has clown
costumes the money needed and how deeply
entrenched this cult is is is crazy and
just to piggyback off of all that - I
want to say like the police are in on
this - is someone or at least detective
Sammy's yeah second time we've seen him
and this is the second time he's trying
to pin the crime that would at least
take two people to do and he pins it on
one person yeah there's no way one
person is committing that murder lifting
someone up onto a hook in a meat locker
and killing him unless of the big show
or something you're not that's not gonna
happen
on that note who do you guys think the
leader of the entire cult is maybe it's
Kai but he could also just be a tool in
this whole entire process we don't know
just yet I don't know maybe I think my
money's on the therapist but let us know
in the comment section who you guys
think it is yes hit us up down there in
the comments also on Twitter you can
find us both on Twitter hit us up there
ask any questions give us some theories
you guys might have and come back next
week because we'll be diving into
episode
three of American Horror Story cult